You want to take me as your adopted son
Humph
Take his back to the sky
No, I tried my best
Just received the protection of the ancestor of the dead
Now.
Chen Beixuan followed us all at once
This clown
Or are we?
You want to say that I am a adopted son?
Chen Meixue
This is a waiter at the University of Commerce
too much progress
Hurry up and kneel down Shane
You old dog too
Pardon me?
I'll give you a chance to say it again.
I said you deceived your teacher and destroyed your ancestors
No talent, no virtue
Just a lecherous and incompetent rat
You still want me to be your son
I'm ashamed to be your father
Humph
Ask him to insult his dead ancestors in public
I think your suicide attempt has come to an end
Dead Earth Ancestor
You're welcome to face this door
Just kill him
Please ask the ancestor to kill Chen Beixuan
Humiliate the ancestor
He is the worst enemy of the Throw family
What are you two waiting for?
Hurry up and kill him
The sins of heaven cannot be violated
Production is impossible
No human body has ever been joined by my brothers
Boy, if you are free
I'll give you a quick one.
Two broken dogs also match
Farewell to Anglo-British Crazy